1. Study of WWW, HTTP Request and Response Protocol. List Good features of User-Friendly websites.

2. Design Information Technology Department web pages containing a description of the Subjects/Syllabus, faculties, Facilities etc... (Use Various HTML Tags).
3. Design Class Time Table in HTML.
4. Create a HTML page as given below:
5. Design Registration page in HTML. (Includes following field Name, Email, Mobile No., Date of Birth, Gender, Address, City, Hobbies, Image Upload).
6. Program to Demonstrate Frames & Frameset in HTML5.
7. Write Program to Demonstrate Audio and Video tags in HTML5.
8. Introduction to CSS. Demonstrate types of CSS with example.
9. Demonstrate the following attributes using CSS.
•	Color and Background 
•	Font 
•	Text 
•	Border 
•	Margin and list
10. Create a Picture Book using HTML & External CSS.
11. Design a web page of your home town with an attractive background colour, text, images, fontsetc, Using Internal CSS only.
12. Write a program to print date using javascript.
13. Write a program to create a simple calculator using javascript.
14. Write a program to show use of alert, confirm and prompt box.
15. Write a program to validate HTML form data using JavaScript. (Name, Age, Mobile No).
16. Write a program to validate practical-15’s HTML form using regular expression in JavaScript.
17. Write a PHP script to display today's date in dd-mm-yyyy format.
18. Write a PHP script to check if the number is prime or not.
19. Write a PHP script to print the first 10 Fibonacci Numbers.
20. Create HTML page that contain textbox, submit / reset button. Write a PHP script to display this information and also store into a text file.
21. Create Login Page with HTML, PHP &MySql. (On Successful login it should display a successful message or in case of failure it should display an unsuccessful message.)
22. Display Students list (Name, Enrolment No, Branch and Email Address) and demonstrate Add, Update and Delete (CRUD) functionality using HTML, PHP &MySql.
23. Using ajax retrieve data from a TEXT file and display it.
24. Using ajax Retrieve customer information from the database and display it.
25. Create a Navigation Menu/Bar using JQuery.
26. Create Image slider using JQuery.
27. Using ajax retrieve data from Database and display it.

